---
layout:     post
title:      Paper Cluster and Filer
date:       2020-3-22
author:     Firef1y
catalog: true
tags:
    - paper
---

[9].**Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin**
--2014，IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy  A类

[12].**Bitcoin over Tor isn't a Good Idea**

--2015. IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP)  A类

[36].**Market Manipulation of Bitcoin: Evidence from Mining the Mt. Gox Transaction Network**

--2019 IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications(Infocom2019)  A类

[2].**A fistful of bitcoins:characterizing payments among men with no names**

--2013.Proceedings of the Conference on Internet Measurement. B类


[3].**Quantitative analysis of the full bitcoin transaction graph**

--2013.Financial Cryptography and Data Security. C类

[5].**Evaluating user privacy in bitcoin**

--2013. Financial Cryptography and Data Security C类


[7].**A Graph-based  investigation of Bitcoin transactions**

--2014 IFIP WG 11.9 C类

[8]**BitIodine: Extracting intelligence from the Bitcoin network**

-- FC 2014: Financial Cryptography and Data Security C类


[10].**An analysis of anonymity in bitcoin using P2P network traffic**

--2014.International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security C类

[11].**There’s No Free Lunch, Even Using Bitcoin: Tracking the Popularity and Profits of Virtual Currency Scams**

--2015.International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security C类


[15].**Privacy-enhancing overlays in bitcoin**

--2015. Financial Cryptography and Data Security.  C类


[17].**The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Address Clustering**

--2016, 2016 Intl IEEE Conferences on Ubiquitous Intelligence & Computing, Advanced and Trusted Computing, Scalable Computing and Communications, Cloud and Big Data Computing, Internet of People, and Smart World Congress (UIC/ATC/ScalCom/CBDCom/IoP/SmartWorld) C类


[25].**Identifying Bitcoin Users Using Deep Neural Network**

--ICA3PP 2018: Algorithms and Architectures for Parallel Processing  C类


[27].**Characterizing Entities in the Bitcoin Blockchain**

--2018 IEEE International Conference on Data Mining Workshops (ICDMW)  ICDM 18年是A类 19年是B类


[32] **A Probabilistic Model of the Bitcoin Blockchain**

--2018 CVPR Workshop paper


[41].**An Evaluation of Bitcoin Address Classification based on Transaction History Summarization**

--2019 ICBC IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency 三颗星但不是C类


[33]**Cascading Machine Learning to Attack Bitcoin Anonymity**

--2018  IEEE International Conference on Blockchain(Blockchain), 2019

[13].**Bitcoin Transaction Graph Analysis**

--2015  ArXiv 2015 Computer Science 被引用125次





简单搜索了这个A类会议的Accepted Paper,17-19年没有发现很契合的文章
IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy 2019:

Redactable Blockchain in the Permissionless Setting

Bitcoin vs. Bitcoin Cash: Coexistence or Downfall of Bitcoin Cash?

2017:
Hijacking Bitcoin: Routing Attacks on Cryptocurrencies